(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now it's time for you to do
a challenge exercise using Java.
We're going to actually use the same program
that we used before
but we're going to use request response with this one,
so we still need to go ahead and create objects.
Again, the idea here is just to play with the technology
not to get too deep into all of the various triggers
that you can execute.
However, if you do want to use a trigger,
this would be a great time to use something
like SQS that can send a triggered event
to your application.
I highly encourage you to play with that
if you choose to.
So a refresher on our steps.
You're going to create a Java program
using Maven or Gradle.
That link that I provided earlier has both options.
It's going to be our simple coin flip program.
You input the number of flips to execute in your request.
You will randomize your results
or use a random function to do heads and tails.
And then I want you to output the number of flips
that you executed as well as the results
in heads and tails, just like we did before.
So now you're on your own.
Have fun with this one.